docs: add info about markdown output to readme header (#1143)
mermaid-js/mermaid-cli: README.md

[![This project is using Percy.io for visual regression testing.](https://percy.io/static/images/percy-badge.svg)](https://percy.io/Mermaid/mermaid-cli)
[![Join our Slack!](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?message=join%20chat&color=9cf&logo=slack&label=slack)](https://join.slack.com/t/mermaid-talk/shared_invite/enQtNzc4NDIyNzk4OTAyLWVhYjQxOTI2OTg4YmE1ZmJkY2Y4MTU3ODliYmIwOTY3NDJlYjA0YjIyZTdkMDMyZTUwOGI0NjEzYmEwODcwOTE)

> This is a command-line interface (CLI) for [mermaid](https://mermaid.js.org/). It takes a mermaid definition file as input and generates an SVG/PNG/PDF file as output. This CLI also takes a markdown file as input, generates SVG file(s) from mermaid code blocks, before outputting a new markdown file that refers to the aforementioned SVG file(s).

Reviewer: Could we maybe weaken this text?

Unfortunately, `mermaid-cli`'s implementation of markdown has a lot of bugs and edge-cases that would be difficult to fix, as different markdown renderers often have slightly different behaviour. 

Maybe if we say "basic support" would be better:

```suggestion
This is a command-line interface (CLI) for [mermaid](https://mermaid.js.org/). It takes a mermaid definition file as input and generates an SVG/PNG/PDF file as output. There's basic support for converting mermaid diagrams embedded within markdown.
```
